earphones over his face ball cap the
menacing gaze was fixed in place behind
the spaces
he was wordless upon his entrance to the
stadium complex in round three begins
jr. Jones in the red trunks out of New
York New York defending his 118 pounds
ampionship against John Michael Johnson
Jones 32 wins no losses to this stage of
his career working to the body Jones is
able to set up a right cross that landed
on the point of the gym maybe just a
tiny bit short he worked as it is dab a
bit more effect at this time I opens up
when he jail
another right cross landed between the
gloves of Johnson Johnson still would
like to come forward jr. just doesn't
let him do it
Johnson is plotting he's doing right but
he's not as quick as Rick Jones so a lot
of times he should be moving his head a
bit more he's not doing it should plot
with a movie
well he's been willing to try to box a
little bit with Jones so far George it
looks to me as though that's a no-win he
ought to try to brawl him break his
rhythm shop that's right you plot and
you fight three minutes every round this
guy is expecting you
Jones would like to about a minute and a
half of every realm punching it option
there's another chopping right hand over
the top by Johnson he's landed that
effectively a couple of times hauling
with the left hand but already a little
gun-shy in the face of jr. Jones is jab
Jones is 23 years old turned 23 in
December so there's a long time left in
his boxing career this trainer Joe fair
elo says he may wind up at 135 pounds as
a lightweight farther down the road in
history great body punching here I
poison junior Jones
the left hook seemed to stun Johnson
momentarily but he's in great shape and
he just keeps coming this keeps coming
and there's the chopping right hand by
Johnson again he tried to get him this
is over the top John Michael Johnson has
found in this round a couple of
occasions to land that right and there
are a couple of good left hooks inside
suddenly Johnson has his best sequence
so far in the belt and you can see Jones
held on just a little bit that action
listen to me about one thing all right
just take it be purpose
listen
by backing up backing up you can went to
your band and make a Miss wanted to 105
and just a few minutes ago 32 minutes
after the arrival of challenges of
Michael Moore champion Evander Holyfield
striding into the ring where some of the
biggest moments of his career have taken
place including of course the title she
against Riddick Bowe this past November
well that last flurry at the end of the
round gave Johnson some hope - let's see
if he can
Johnson trying to make things more even
in this bout with power shots it's not
going to land as many jabs as jr. Jones
who has already out landed them in that
category by punch stat numbers 71 to set
up so it's going to be up to Johnson to
get inside and find a way to land that
chopping right hand maybe some left
hooks some body punches and some
uppercuts George that's right Johnson is
saying look I'm trying to dress up this
on my kids can play later on my dad my
dad was tough and he's showing it like
this then the best is not going to with
him been a tuk tour of duty in boxing
for John Michael Johnson told us
yesterday in a meeting that although he
had once had an agreement to make as
much as $7,500 and about the most he'd
ever really collected was $2,000 he
engrossed 20 for this Justin for the
second time has started to live a left
jab of his own
and that flurry at the end of round
three appears to have slowed Jones's
assault just a little bit
Johnson is able to get it effective for
the left jab this can be some fight
tonight
hits him while he's down Richard Steele
picks up the count pin
no penalty point human board John
Michael Johnson for having clearly hit
jr. John while his knee was on the
canvas easily could have been a penalty
and Richard Steele elected not to assess
the penalty second time in his career
the jr. Jones has been floored he also
went down in his championship effort
against Julio of Columbia and now Jones
still in trouble as Johnson wails away
Johnson just missed that one over the
top 40 seconds left in the round jr.
Jones not electing to hold on taking
punishment
remember that the three knockdown rule
is an effect still groggy junior Jones
firing wildly to try to get himself out
of trouble urban girl
Johnson lands an uppercut
l cannot save junior jokes Johnson
Lancer
poisoned jr. Jones the champion backing
into his corner Siri
closing seconds
he's going to survive beyond slow
the last time this happened to Jones he
fought in a cloud for five rounds before
he lived up well little Anthony you got
you just love they just not fight
understand what I mean here just not
fight what you're doing is you're
bending your bending and you're not
doing that can you understand me now
look you better stop fight you got that
all you're doing is concentrating on
defense when you're getting it yeah it
was good right in okay
let's take a look as Bam Bam goes Bam
Bam he stayed in there to the early
onslaught and that right hand hurt Jones
and then he went and put him down with I
think he'd have gone down anyway without
that second right hand there you saw it
again flush on the jaw now watching
clearly